Supplemental Terms of the Access Plan:
1.	System requirements for 1000M broadband service: Intel Core2 Duo P8700/2.53 GHz CPU or above, 4GB system memory or above, 64GB SATA II SSD (Read/Write >200MB/s) hardware system, Windows 7 or above, 100/1000M Ethernet card or other system requirement required from time to time. When using the broadband service, it is necessary to use the Optical Network Terminal provided by HKBN for successful connection with the network. The Optical Network Terminal needs to be plugged into the voltage transformer adapter to the external power. This voltage transformer / adapter is only suitable for the Optical Network Terminal offered by HKBN. Please do not use this voltage transformer / adapter with other electrical appliances for safety precaution. The optical fibre is extremely sharp as it consists of fine glass line. Should Subscriber finds the optical fibre line exposed to air, please contact HKBN immediately. HKBN will send technical specialist to follow up. If Subscriber finds the optical fibre exposed and cracked, please stay away from the optical fibre or its chip to avoid danger. When disposing of the cracked optical fibre and its chip, Subscriber should put them into a sealed container marked with warning message before further handling. Never throw away the optical fibre and its chips in the rubbish bin which does not carry any warning messages and protective measure. Do not smoke or leave tinder or overheated electrical appliance near the optical fibre. Upon successful installation of the optical fibre, please do not look at the exposed optical fibre or the connection point of optical fibre as its strong light will have negative effect on human eyes.
Terms & Conditions of the Access Plan:
1.	Each service included in the Access Plan (Home Broadband service plan) under this offer is subject to the General Terms and Conditions of HKBN (please visit: hkbn.net/tnc/en/general.html), Special Terms and Conditions of Broadband Internet Access Service (please visit hkbn.net/tnc/en/broadband.html), and these terms and conditions. Subscriber understands and agrees that HKBN has the absolute right to revise all the terms and conditions from time to time, while HKBN will endeavour to give 30 days' prior notice to Subscriber before such revision takes effect.
2.	The Access Plan will only be applicable to Subscriber whose service installation address is at designated residential area with no provision of HKBN broadband service within 120 days prior to registration.
3.	“This offer” refers to Subscriber who successfully subscribe and install designated 1000M Home Broadband service plan with Minimum Commitment Period of 36-month and HK$680 standard installation fee waiver once, can enjoy 18-month Home Broadband service plan monthly fee waiver.
4.	On-site checking and maintenance fee or any amount as HKBN shall stipulate from time to time will be charged. For details, please refer to hkbn.net/charge/en. Subscriber will not be liable for costs or charges due to any errors/problems caused by HKBN's system or equipment/accessories.
5.	If any service under this offer is terminated, other service(s) and plan(s) included in this offer will also be terminated.
6.	Each Subscriber can only register for this offer once. Duplicate applications will not be accepted. Once this offer being registered, even if the registered service plan is terminated or cancelled for whatever reason, Subscriber cannot register for this offer again.
7.	Each new service installation address can only enjoy this offer once only. Subscriber may not directly or indirectly through a third party sell or in any way benefit from the sale of this offer. HKBN reserves the right to take any legal action against those in violation and reject the application of Subscriber.
8.	This offer is applicable to designated Home Broadband service plan(s) only and cannot be used in conjunction with other promotional offers.
9.	If this offer and/or its related plan is/are terminated within the Minimum Commitment Period for whatever reasons, Subscriber shall pay the total amount of the special monthly fees payable for the remaining Minimum Commitment Period to HKBN as liquidated damages. If Subscriber terminates this offer and/or its related plan as a result of moving to area without HKBN’s service coverage, liquidated damages payable shall then be the sum of the following amounts : (i) any installation charge previously waived or any difference between the standard installation fee and installation fee paid; and (ii) if applicable, pro-rata listed price of premium calculated by remaining contract months to fixed Minimum Commitment Period (e.g. if listed price of premium is $2,400, Minimum Commitment Period is 24 months, Subscriber terminates the contract 6 months prior to expiration of Minimum Commitment Period – pro-rata calculation will be : $2,400 / 24 X 6 = $600). The listed price of premium shall be the amount as set out by HKBN. Subscriber agrees that HKBN can set off the liquidated damages with prepayment (or any part thereof) of related service and Subscriber shall pay the remaining balance of liquidated damages after set off, if applicable. The above liquidated damages are genuine pre-estimate of loss and not penalty.
10.	Any payment made to HKBN will be non-transferable and/or non-refundable.
11.	If Subscriber wishes to terminate any of the effective service(s) or plan(s), Subscriber is required to give at least 30 days’ prior notice to HKBN. All the equipment (if applicable) provided by HKBN shall be returned to HKBN shops (For shop locations, please refer to http://www.hkbn.net/shop/en) within 30 days after termination shall take effect. The accessories are the service equipment of HKBN. The accessories shall be returned to HKBN shops (For shop locations, please refer to http://www.hkbn.net/shop/en) within 30 days after termination shall take effect. Any failure to return on or before the relevant due date or in case of any loss of or damage to any part thereof, HKBN will charge Subscriber the amounts as HKBN shall deem appropriate from time to time (For details, please refer to http://www.hkbn.net/charge/en). HKBN will either debit such amount directly from the credit card account registered by Subscriber with HKBN (if applicable) or treat it as a debt payable by Subscriber without further notice.
12.	If the Subscriber continues to use the Access Plan and/or value-added plan(s) after the Minimum Commitment Period, Subscriber will be charged at the rate applicable after Minimum Commitment Period (i.e. Standard monthly fee).
13.	Other charges for the individual service(s) of the Access Plan are stated in the Terms and Conditions of the specified service.
14.	Subscriber may select “Service Commencement Date” for the Access Plan provided that this date must be within 365 days after service installation date. Services included in the Access Plan(s) will become effective on the “Service Commencement Date”. Subscriber must confirm the “Service Commencement Date” before service installation and the contract will commence on the “Service Commencement Date” once confirmed. Subscriber understands that service will not be available from service installation date to the “Service Commencement Date”. If any services or the Access Plan being terminated after service installation date and before the "Service Commencement Date" for whatever reasons, Subscriber shall pay a total amount of remaining special monthly fee within Minimum Commitment Period to HKBN as liquidated damages, and all the offers will also be terminated at once.
15.	Terms and Conditions of Cooling-off Period after Registration: (1). Subscriber is entitled to a 14-day cooling-off period commencing from the date following the registration of designated service plan of residential fixed telecommunications network services (which includes Home Broadband and/or Home Telephone) (“FTN Services”). Subscriber may cancel the service plan(s) registered within the cooling-off period without any charges by sending email to HKBNbroadband@hkbn.net. However, the cooling-off period will immediately cease to apply if (i) Subscriber has collected any premium; or (ii) completion of installation. (2). If any service of a service plan is cancelled during cooling-off period, other service(s) included in the same plan and any other service plan(s) or value-added service(s) subscribed together on the same application will also be cancelled.
16.	For any disputes, the decision of HKBN shall be final and conclusive.
17.	(If applicable) Terms and Conditions of Corporate staff offer: The promotion period of this Offer is valid till June 30, 2022 (both dates inclusive) (“Promotion Period”). The offers are only applicable to the staff of designated company. HKBN reserves the right to reject the application. Subscriber must register to designated service plan(s) during the promotion period. Subscriber who successfully registers and installs/activates broadband service on or before 31 July 2022 can enjoy designated coupon. Subscribers will receive the account reward within 12 weeks upon successful installation/activation of the service plan(s).HKBN reserves the right to alter or cancel the promotion offers without prior notice. In case of any dispute, the decision of HKBN shall be final and conclusive. This program cannot be conjunction with any other promotion programs/referral program. Subscriber shall not directly or indirectly through a third party sell or in any way benefit from the sale of this offer. HKBN reserves the right to take any legal action against those in violation and reject the application of Subscriber.
18.	(If Applicable)Terms and Conditions of $100 HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon: HKBN will send the HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon notification email to Subscriber’s email address within 8 weeks after successful installation of the designated service plan. Subscriber shall collect the HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon through MYHKBN (https://www.hkbn.net/myhkbn/en/login or download and successfully login MYHKBN APP). Customer shall register as HOMEPLUS member before using this HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon. This HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon shall be used by entering the E-cash Coupon code on it to www.home-plus.hk, for details, please visit https://www.home-plus.hk/shopping-guide. Please refer to the Terms & Conditions on the HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon regarding the valid period. Only one HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon can be used for one single order. Each HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon can be used once only. Selected merchants have minimum spending requirement(s), for details, please visit https://www.home-plus.hk/support-center. HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon cannot be exchanged for cash, refund, cannot be transferred nor use for delivery fee. HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon cannot be used in conjunction with other promotions. The use of HOMEPLUS E-cash Coupon is subject to the general terms and conditions of HomePlus (Hong Kong) Limited at https://www.home-plus.hk/general-terms. In case of any dispute, HomePlus (Hong Kong) Limited reserves the final right of decision. Please contact HOMEPLUS customer support at contact@home-plus.hk for any inquiries.
Referral program applicable
New customer who inputs the referrer's promo code can enjoy Extra Reward ! Please click here.
Enjoy $100 HOME+ E-cash Coupon upon Successful Registration and Installation of Broadband Service
With the HOME+ E-cash coupon, enjoy $100 shopping discount on home-plus.hk! Terms and Conditions apply, please click here for details.
Terms & Conditions of ENTERTAINMENT PLAN/ VALUE-ADDED SERVICES AND PRODUCTS
1.	HKBN PROTECT is a network security service provided by HKBN and its affiliates (collectively, “HKBN”) which enables users (“Subscriber”) to use HKBN SAFE, HKBN ID PROTECTION and HKBN VPN services ( “Service”) by download and install Software/App on computers and mobile devices (“Device”) The Service is provided by the third party service provider F-Secure Corporation (“F-Secure”).
2.	Service scopes of the Service may be modified from time to time without prior notice. Additional charges will be applied for any additional service(s) related to the Service.
3.	By using the Service, Subscriber agrees to be bound by any applicable terms and conditions which may be imposed by third-party provider F-Secure when subscribing to the Service. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Subscriber may also be required to abide by the terms and conditions and additional documents in relation to those parts or features of the Service provided by third party providers.
4.	(i) Subscriber must over the age of 18 and agree to supervise the use of the Service by person(s) under the age of 18. (ii) Subscriber will need to create an account to access and use the Services. It’s important that you provide us with accurate, complete and current account information (including a valid email address) and keep this information up to date. (iii) Using the Service through the Internet (iv) Some Services may allow Subscriber to share their service with others. If Subscriber registers account for others or their devices to use the Services, Subscriber agrees that the information provide to us is true and accurate and that Subscriber is duly authorized to provide us this information, and to monitor their accounts, on their behalf. And (v) The account is for Subscriber (or family users, circumstance) manages and subscribes the Service exclusively, other parties shall not to use this account for any purpose.
5.	In order to use the Service, Subscriber may be required to download and install Software/App on a device. Subscriber may also be required to update Software/App from time to time.
6.	Content used by certain services will be updated from time to time, such as virus definitions; spyware definitions; antispam rules; URL lists; firewall rules; vulnerability data, and updated lists of authenticated web pages; these updates are collectively referred to as “Content Updates.” Subscriber will have access to applicable Content Updates for the Services during your subscription.
7.	The Service works on Windows and MacOS of personal computers, iOS and Android of smart phones and tablets. Some functions may vary from different systems, please refer to the user guide for details, HKBN will made any amendment from time to time.
8.	Subscriber agrees not to modify, adapt, translate, rent, lease, resell, distribute, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or create derivative works based on the Software and/or related files or any part thereof.
9.	Before Subscriber installs the HKBN SAFE (“SAFE Software”), Subscriber has to remove all existing anti-virus software from Subscriber’s computer or mobile device, otherwise Subscriber may experience problems in using computer or mobile device and its software during and/or after installation of the Software. HKBN does not in any way warrant that the Service will be free from bugs or errors. Subscriber is responsible for implementing the requisite measures to protect Subscriber’s computer or mobile device and software. Subscriber agrees that HKBN will not be liable for any damage to Subscriber’s computer or mobile device, software or files due to or related to the Service.
10.	HKBN SAFE is not able to detect nor remove any virus infected email that does not have an attachment.
11.	If the Service detects any virus or spyware which HKBN is of the opinion that such virus or spyware would affect Subscriber’s computer or mobile device, HKBN shall decide at our sole discretion whether to remove the relevant virus or spyware and/or take any other action as we consider appropriate.
12.	The Service is aimed to detect and remove most viruses and spyware from infected files and Subscriber’s computer or mobile device once such infected files are opened. If any virus and/or spyware cannot be removed from any file, that affected file will be deleted. HKBN shall not in any way be held liable for any loss of files or data during such deletion process.
13.	Parental Controls is for monitoring and managing the online activities of children. Subscriber must provide information about Subscriber’s family users, including any minor children and devices that they use. Subscriber is solely responsible for monitoring their devices and activities.
14.	When SAFE browser turns on, the SAFE browser will check whether the website is trust and authenticated bank website to prevent fake or phishing websites. HKBN and third-party provider will update lists of authenticated bank websites from time to time to ensure the accuracy or completeness of the information, HKBN has no responsibility to pay the Subscriber any compensation for any loss resulting from such failure to update the lists.
15.	HKBN shall have the right to interrupt or suspend the Service for repair, testing, remote maintenance, or remote upgrade. Depending on the circumstances, HKBN will restore it as quickly as reasonably possible and HKBN has no responsibility to pay the Subscriber any compensation for any loss resulting from such interruption or suspension.
16.	To the extent permitted by law, HKBN and third party service provider shall not be liable whether or not in contract, tort, statute or otherwise for any cost, claim, special, direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage suffered, sustained or incurred by the Subscriber or any person from or out of or relating to the Service and/or the Device.
17.	To the extent permitted by law, HKBN, its Group Companies and any third party provider of the services, together with their respective directors, employees or agents expressly disclaim any liability for (i) any damage to or loss of data, voice, video or other information arising from the Subscriber’s use of the Service or device; (ii) any claim based on contract, tort or otherwise for any direct or indirect loss of revenue, profits or any consequential loss whether of an economic nature or any such loss which the Subscriber suffers as a result of any error, inaccuracy introduced into the Subscriber’s computer or other devices by, through or in connection with the use of the Service or Device; (iii) any claim relating to the Service and/or any content accessible through the Service, or Device supplied, provided, sold or made available by or through the Service (or any failure or delay to so supply, provide, sell or make available); (iv) any disruption or suspension or degradation of the Service or any part thereof; (v) any damage which is attributable to an event or circumstance beyond HKBN’s control i.e. “Force Majeure Event”. A “Force Majeure Event” includes but is not limited to acts of God, war, civil disobedience, explosion, fire, flood, governmental action, legislation not in force at the time of this Agreement, restraints imposed by government or any other regulatory authorities, labour disputes, trade disputes or delays of third parties over which HKBN has no control.
18.	Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that HKBN disclaims any liability for (i) any damage to or loss of data, software and/or hardware installed in the Subscriber’s PC, smartphone or other devices; (ii) any claim from Subscriber or any third party for any direct or indirect loss and all relevant claims.
19.	Subscriber agrees that HKBN shall in no circumstances be responsible for any loss of income, loss of profit or any damage (direct or indirect) caused by the use of the Service.
20.	Subscriber should ensure that his/her login information and password will be kept properly and securely and shall not be disclosed to any third party under any circumstances. HKBN and its third party provider (including but not limited to HKBN) shall not be responsible for any loss due to the disclosure of such information.
21.	In the event of any Service Interruptions to Subscriber’s PC, mobile or Device wireless network or internet connection, the Service may be unavailable for the duration of the Service Interruption. Subscriber may not receive message, notification, alert or alarm signals from the Device.
22.	HKBN reserves all its rights and final discretion to determine the methods and delivery route for the provision of the Service to Subscriber, and HKBN may change such methods and routes from time to time as it shall deem appropriate. HKBN endeavours to provide notification within a period as reasonably practicable in the circumstances in advance of its effective date.
23.	The Service utilizes, in whole or in part, the public Internet and third party network to transmit data, voice, video and other communications. HKBN shall not be liable to Subscriber for any lack of privacy which may be experienced with regard to the Service. Please refer to our Privacy Policy applicable to Subscriber at our website www.hkbn.net/en for additional information.
24.	Subscriber understands and accepts that the Service will fail, be interrupted, delayed or suspended in circumstances of power failure or for any other instances that are beyond HKBN’s reasonable control. HKBN makes no warranty as to the quality and availability of the Service and accepts no legal liability in relation thereto. HKBN shall not in any way be held liable for any loss, damage, costs and expense arising under or in connection with any failure, interruption, delay and suspension of the Service.
25.	Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Service performance may be affected by environmental conditions such as network coverage, transmission speed and signal strengths. Subscriber should check with his/her network operator for any connection problems, restrictions or any additional charges on call. HKBN will not be liable for the service failure due to the above situations.
26.	Subscriber shall not in any event assign, resell, transfer, sublet or license the Service and/or the Equipment whether or not there is any monetary consideration without prior written consent of HKBN. HKBN reserves the right to assign all or part of its rights or duties under these Special Terms and Conditions. HKBN will endeavour to provide notification of 30 days or any other period as reasonably practicable in the circumstances in advance of its effective date.
27.	The Service is only provided to the Subscriber as a residential user. Should HKBN have reasonable grounds to believe that the Service is being used beyond the residential and/or private subscriber’s normal usage pattern or is used for commercial use, HKBN reserves the right to terminate the Service or the plan forthwith.
28.	HKBN will collect and maintain certain customer-specific information including but not limited to the account and profile data, device information, log information, usage data, location information, information reported by Smart Device, the PC, Mobile or Device which use for service performance monitoring.
29.	Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that some of the functionalities or services provided by third party services providers. Subscriber also permits HKBN to receive certain information about subscriber from the applicable service providers. Regarding to the service, HKBN may transfer the Subscriber’s service inquiries to third-party provider to answer, Subscriber also allows certain information (including but not limited to Subscriber’s email or contact number) to provide the third-party service providers.
30.	Subscriber understands and accepts that the Service must only be used in Hong Kong. Should the Subscriber remove the Device to a place/country other than Hong Kong and use the Service from there, Subscriber does so at his/her own sole risk, including the risk that such activity violates local laws in the country where the Subscriber does so.
31.	To access or use the Service, Subscriber must download and install the Software or App on device. The Software and the App will be updated periodically. For optimal performance, HKBN recommends updating the Software or App to the latest version as it becomes available. The App can be downloaded from Google Play or the Apple App Store.
32.	The Software or App does not support all PC or mobile platforms; it is Subscriber’s responsibility to acquire and maintain the compatible platforms and browsers. Subscriber may not be able to use some features of the Service if Subscriber does not maintain the compatible browsers and platforms, or HKBN will provide limited support to Subscriber, and Subscriber shall still be liable for all charges in relation to the Service.
33.	If Subscriber continues the relevant service plan upon contract expiry, Subscriber should pay the after contract period monthly fee to HKBN.
34.	If the Service is terminated or suspended due to the following reasons, Subscriber will not be able to use the Service or access the user portal:a. Subscriber fails to settle the monthly fee or payment of other subscriptions after the due date such that the service(s) included in the service plan is terminated or suspended; or b. Subscriber terminates the service plan within or after the Minimum Commitment Period; or c. Termination of contract/ service plan/ Service due to breach of contract, tort or any other reason; or d. Any situation that HKBN is unable to foresee or avoid. In any situation, no refund and replacement will be arranged by HKBN.
35.	HKBN is hereby authorized, in relation to any information it has relating to the Subscriber or the authorized user under the Subscriber’s account, to use and/or disclose such information for the purposes of   fulfilling legal requirements, performing its obligation, including but not limited to installation, inspection and maintenance work at the Subscriber’s premises, or enforcing its rights under the terms and conditions or any other purpose reasonably incidental thereto or in contemplation thereof.
36.	These Special Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the General Terms and Conditions of HKBN and Subscriber agrees to abide by all the terms and conditions stated therein as may be in force from time to time.
Terms & Conditions of ENTERTAINMENT PLAN/ VALUE-ADDED SERVICES AND PRODUCTS (Free 6-month monthly fee-HKBN SAFE (3 Devices))
1.	Subscriber must commit to the designated HKBN SAFE for 6 months (“Minimum Commitment Period”). Monthly fee for the 1st to 6th month will be $0 during contract period. $10 per month will be charged automatically after the Minimum Commitment Period.
2.	If Subscriber terminates HKBN SAFE within the Minimum Commitment Period for whatever reasons, Subscriber shall pay the total amount of the special monthly fees payable for the remaining Minimum Commitment Period to HKBN as liquidated damages (if applicable).
3.	If Subscriber continues the designated HKBN SAFE upon contract expiry, Subscriber should pay the after-contract period monthly fee to HKBN.
4.	HKBN reserves all its right and final discretion to change any terms and conditions without prior notice.
AX23836F18BDP

